Images from Walkerssk, Valiphotos, kinkate, Free-Photos and others from pixabay.com
Licensed under the Pixabay License
(https://pixabay.com/photos/bled-island-slovenia-mountains-1899264/,
https://pixabay.com/photos/bled-slovenia-lake-island-sunrise-2608425/,
https://pixabay.com/photos/green-park-season-nature-outdoor-1072828/,
https://pixabay.com/photos/mountain-landscape-mountains-2031539/,
https://pixabay.com/photos/scotland-landscape-mountains-hills-1761292/,
https://pixabay.com/photos/sky-stars-constellations-astronomy-828648/)

License for Content â€“ Pixabay License
 =====================================
Content on Pixabay is made available to you on the following terms ("Pixabay
License"). Under the Pixabay License you are granted an irrevocable, worldwide,
non-exclusive and royalty free right to use, download, copy, modify or adapt the
Content for commercial or non-commercial purposes. Attribution of the
photographer, videographer, musician or Pixabay is not required but is always
appreciated. The Pixabay License does not allow: Sale or distribution of Content
as digital Content or as digital wallpapers (such as on stock media websites);
Sale or distribution of Content e.g. as a posters, digital prints, music files
or physical products, without adding any additional elements or otherwise adding
value Depiction of identifiable persons in an offensive, pornographic, obscene,
immoral, defamatory or libelous way; or Any suggestion that there is an
endorsement of products and services by depicted persons, brands, vocalists and
organisations, unless permission was granted. Please be aware that while all
Content on Pixabay is free to use for commercial and non-commercial purposes,
items in the Content, such as identifiable people, logos, brands, audio samples
etc. may be subject to additional copyrights, property rights, privacy rights,
trademarks etc. and may require the consent of a third party or the license of
these rights - particularly for commercial applications. Pixabay does not
represent or warrant that such consents or licenses have been obtained, and
expressly disclaims any liability in this respect.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------